settingtrends:!bonus wicked_cx 100
my_woe:!bonus jayseef -20000
my_woe:!trendtokens
my_woe:!gamble 10000
jayseef:!trendtokens
my_woe:!bonus jayseef 10000
madmattk:!trendtokens
my_woe:!pot
my_woe:!jackpot
my_woe:!ticket
my_woe:!tickets
madmattk:!howlong
my_woe:!tickets 2000
jayseef:!tickets 2000
madmattk:!tickets 1000
wicked_cx:!trendtokens
wicked_cx:!gamble 265
jayseef:!trendtokens
madmattk:!meandmybf
jayseef:!addcom !brodie discord link
settingtrends:!addcom !discord https://discord.gg/3pu8njh
runescape_for_life:!trendtokens
runescape_for_life:!gamble 59
runescape_for_life:!gsmble all
runescape_for_life:!gamble all
my_woe:!trendtokens
my_woe:!gamble 10000
madmattk:!trendtokens
statics_aye:!trendtokens
bumb_ditch:!trendtokens
madmattk:!gamble 1003
statics_aye:!gamble 778
bumb_ditch:!gamble 201
statics_aye:!gamble 1556
settingtrends:!trendtokens
settingtrends:!gamble 103
wicked_cx:!trendtokens
wicked_cx:!gamble 880
runescape_for_life:!gamble all
runescape_for_life:!gamble 60
wicked_cx:!uptime
wicked_cx:!permit madmattk
runescape_for_life:!howlong kevinpouya
my_woe:!howlong
wicked_cx:!howlong
kevinpouya:!howlong Mvzeee
my_woe:!howlong
my_woe:!howlong sockie
wicked_cx:!howlong alfierules
sockiex:!howlong
wicked_cx:!howlong alfierules
my_woe:!howlong sockiex
my_woe:!howlong itsmalia
kevinpouya:!howlong BangingHeads
wicked_cx:!howlong quakerr6
my_woe:!howlong bangingheads
my_woe:!snapchat
settingtrends:!uptime
